This project is targeted toward Black women who need help managing their natural hair. It uses HTML, Python, and CSS. It also uses Flask and Jinja2 as tools. I chose to use these in my project because I became familiar with them through CS50 as someone who had never coded before this class. HTML was the backbone of this project and was used to write the text, input images, and format the layout. I used HTML to divide the product-recommending pages into three columns. This aligned with my vision to make haircare seem simpler and easier to digest. Each page had three steps to haircare, just like the three columns that were below the steps.

CSS helped in styling my project: I chose a light purple, gray, and white theme because purple is my favorite color and is perceived to be feminine in the U.S., and gray/white pair nicely with purple. For most of my webpage, I used a Serif font family because it looked less harsh to the eyes, which would entice the user to stay on the webpage. Rather than using an external style sheet, I placed the style sheets directly into the HTML file they applied to. This helped me keep track of the specific formats I wanted for each page without having to go back and forth between an external style sheet and the HTML file.

Python was essential. I used it to allow navigation through the website and to work with the HTML to respond to a user's input of their name and hair concern. Python was also used to check whether an input was given by the user, and that the user gave an input out of the list of possible choices. Python was used over C as it is much more efficient and has many libraries that saved me time during my project's development. The database (project2.db) only contains the names of the users and was used as a simple way to move the user to the next page and see what users were on my webpage.

Flask is a Python framework. It allowed me to build my project and was more accessible to me as a beginner coder. I did not want my webpage to be too complicated and to be as user-friendly as possible, so Flask was the best choice. Jinja2 is a Python templating engine that was very helpful in enabling me to create a dynamic web page. It allowed me to make a base template ("layout.html") that I could then replicate ("{% extends "layout.html" %}")to create my other templates. This saved me a lot of time when designing the webpage. I was introduced to Jinja2 during CS50 and thought it was very useful, which is was I used it for this project.
