Accessing project: Make sure you have working WiFi and a working Github account. Access the project by copying and pasting this link into your web browser: https://obscure-space-spoon-5gqp4jrx5qxr27w5g-5000.app.github.dev/

Executing project: Read the message from the developer. Then, type in your name in the white box and click hit "enter" on your keyboard. If your name has already been taken, you will receive an apology (the woman with the afro and white text). Click the back arrow at the top of your browser to try the process again, using a different name. Read the message from the developer. Identify your most important hair concern from the choices written. Then, type "curl definition", "damage repair", or "dryness" into the box and press enter. Make sure your input matches one of the three choices, and is spelled correctly, or else you will receive an apology and will need to click the back arrow and try again.

    To return to the homepage, click "Destiny's Hair Project" in the top left part of the screen. This will work no matter what page you are on. Read the developer's message and familiarize yourself with the suggested products. If you want to see more options, hover your mouse over "shop products" rectangle, and a drop-down menu will appear. The links in this menu will take you to websites where you can purchase the listed products. If you would like to learn more about how to address the hair concern you identified, click on the words with a blue underline at the top of the page. If you would like to see the resources for other hair concerns, click "Destiny's Hair Page" at the top left of the screen and go through the process again.

